hi I'm Justin burr from
in Montreal developers of axel little
bit there we are so Axl is a complete
solution for high-impact web graphics
which means that we do highly
interactive 3d animation mixed with all
sorts of sooty things as well found in
movies and it's a cross-platform
solution the authoring tool and the
viewers run on both Macintosh and
windows and then we decided sometime
last year that it would be really
interesting to have quicktime at the
platform as well as the web so there is
an axial quicktime component and axle is
now a Krypton media type which lets you
have interactive 3d tracks in QuickTime
movies actually is also a user of
quicktime for the usual thing so movies
and images and sounds are imported using
QuickTime and you can use them to
decorate your 3d objects and it's going
now 24 for marketing purposes we we have
this diagram to try and show you that we
take an awful lot of different formats
and lets you do things with them with
axial and then put them out at the other
end in a variety of formats axel is well
first of all it is a 3d modeler in the
same way that Maya are light wave are
but of course it's it's not a really
high-end log where like like they are
however you can work with with geometric
primitives and and text you can take
line art and extrude it or do rotations
with it you can create your 3d objects
also if you have existing 3d models that
you've done in in another 3d application
you can bring them into axle through
vrml or using our dedicated lightweight
importer or the exporter we have for 3d
studio max so you bring your 3d stuff
into
or you created in axial you can then use
a whole bunch of imaging movie formats
by a quick time to decorate it to to
create to basically create 3d textures
and then I will shortly show you all the
sorts of interactivity things you can do
an animation things you can do with axel
on the other end of the pipe you publish
to actual own format which work which
originally was intended to work with a
web browser plugin and this plug-in
works as I said for Windows and
Macintosh now we also have a standalone
player which is an application in
Windows or Mac application that will
just play your content sort of like a
flash projector and of course you can
import any axle in the axial output into
QuickTime if you've got the component
installed or now if you publish as a
quicktime movie from axle that gives you
something they will automatically cause
the QuickTime the actual QuickTime
component to be downloaded from Apple's
third-party components on site we also
have a variety of exporting
possibilities so that once you've done
your work in axial you're not stuck
there you can export vrml you can you
can even put it out in flash which means
that axle can be a very interesting
solution for 3d work with flash but
that's not the point right now so let me
give you an idea of sorts of things you
can do with axle so switch to the demo
on laptop to please
it's nice okay first example I'll show
you is sort of it's our our quick time
everything example here we have an axle
model of the new imac as it was
introduced a year and a half ago this
was done by one of our 3d artists in
about half an hour after steve jobs as
keynote you're in africa and so it's
just the puts a little um you know
little imax what you can you can move a
screen around and you can rotate and see
if and now and he's impressed here to
see video series we came out very nice
okay what would be really neat if it
worked is that the screen here it's set
up to show quicktime video across the
internet and it's well it's not doing it
so um go and anyway no i won't waste
time with that right now the idea here
is so that you're playing quicktime
video on a 3d object created an axle and
then the whole thing is being played in
the quicktime player and yeah so they're
cute example when it's working oh well
and then the other thing i want to show
now is ok i'll use the web browser
plugin in safari here this is an example
that gives you an idea of such different
sorts of things you can do with actual
models so first of all we have an
animation here if I click here family so
that's an ordinary keyframe animation
but this is also a fully interactive
presentation so I can change the change
lights using this film slider here I can
grab onto this character and move them
around I can throw them and he gets
against the walls
we have inverse kinematics which is a 3d
technique for handling the arms and legs
of characters so that when you when I
move his hand the rest of his body
follows when I his leg the rest of his
body follows axel gives you things like
proximity sensors which as I bring the
microphone over towards them he speaks
and you may have noticed that no matter
where he is he's always in the spotlight
that's because the light here is
permanently pointing towards him
wherever he happens to be wherever the
light happens to be and so yeah I drags
light then when I let go of the light
it'll just snap back to the nearest
Anchor Point has four anchor points on
up there so that gives you an idea of
what axel can can do basically and now
all go back to the slide and go through
go through the axial workflow just to
list off the sorts of things you can do
with axel so remember we start with
created creating our job creating our
models whether it's like
excuse me I'll just send that way okay
right so you've got you've got your
geometry you've got objects then you can
create relations between them the
theories are real late menu lets you
constrain one object to another link
them together or constrain something to
a path to an object can only scroll
along the path you can have objects that
spring together like we saw the lights
of spring right like we can have objects
bring together or that snap to a certain
point like the lights we saw that snaps
back on there they're fixtures and also
there's skin and bones for doing
character animation you can set up
visualization options which means the
rendering style that can be shaded or
wire frame or cartoon and you can add as
many cameras as you want you can do
lighting and textures these are all
basic things that you would do is with
3d they're all very easy to do an axle
and textures that is sort of the
wallpapers that decorates objects can be
QuickTime movies or still images and
what I hope to show you there was the
quick title will be displaying on the
imax screen when you're at it you can
animate then along a path or with
keyframe you can do interaction which is
very simple because we have a
drag-and-drop interaction editor as well
as some pre pre defined interaction and
no scripting required for any of this so
I'll do one left and then we'll very
quickly now answer running out of time
for my segment so back to laptop to yes
this one here is what happens when you
put okay here we have an axle model so
set up so you can rotate it with it we
have an interaction here so that you
click it and the head gets bigger or
another button so all of this is axial
around the edges everything is quicktime
sprite this was put together by using
live stage pro the quicktime
interactivity editor and
so right now it's set up to modify the
background and I can change the or I can
send a message to actual to change the
rendering style so this is quick time
talking to axel to tell it to change
different colors and objects so finally
back on the slide axel there so publish
your work is an interactive QuickTime
movie it's on the Apple download program
and we have communication with other
QuickTime tracks enabled live stage pro
4.1 supports axel so come later on today
to section 7 22 and hear about how that
works from the live stage people thank
you very much next we'd like to invite
about Peter Falco from zoomify
hi my name is Pete Sacco and I'm with
zoomify and OOP no I'm going to be over
here at first and what zoomify does is
we enable quick time to deliver high
resolution images over a network it's
great for not only images but objects
and panoramas and as you'll see it's
easy to author the viewing happens very
quickly and it's very extensible what
I'm going to go through here very
quickly is we're going to see some real
world applications what people out there
using it for right now how the
technology works how to use the
technology and then I'm going to do a
quick tutorial on putting hot spots
inside of the content and at the end
I'll talk about what we what we got
planned for the future you can see these
are some of the customers that we have
they're using the technology currently
in several different market areas
museums and archaeology medical and
scientific ecommerce entertainment now
i'm going to switch over to the demo
machine i'm going to show some of these
okay actually first we'll go here so
what we're looking at here is this first
image is actually a 257 megabyte image
now normally you wouldn't think about
putting something so large up on a web
page but you can see this is live from
our server how fast it loaded and if I
want to see more detail I just zoom in
and when I stop it will go and retrieve
the the pieces of the image that it
needs to show that part of the image so
you can have virtually unlimited size
images in a web page we have customers
who have 10 gigabyte images for one
single image in the medical community
the same technology can be applied not
only to images but also to panoramas and
objects so this is a panorama and we'll
see here this panorama is 207 megabytes
and like I said you know normally you
wouldn't consider putting something that
large up on a web page but see when i
zoom in it will go and it'll get more
data as it adds needed okay switch back
to the slides
decision so how does it work the
standard practice when taking images and
delivering them over a network is to
compress them jpg being the most
standard form of compression we take a
different approach just like with a
movie you want to stream it because
there's lots of friends and you don't
want to download the whole thing before
you start playing it the same goes for
an image what we do is we take the image
and we break it up into tiles which you
could think of being very similar to
frame and then we only download the
tiles that we need to display the view
that you're currently looking at so the
image over on the left hand side of this
slide there it shows the pyramid that we
build so we cut it into pieces we scale
down we cut that into pieces we scale
down we cut that into pieces that's what
allows us to get access to any
resolution any piece of any resolution
in the image it's a standards-based
approach each one of those files is just
a JPEG image so not only is it streams
but it's also compressed and unlike a
lot of other people in the space our
business model is just based on software
there are other companies that are doing
this where they put strings on your
content you pay them each time somebody
views it or they sell you a
ten-thousand-dollar server our products
range in price from ninety nine dollars
to eight hundred dollars for our most
expensive enterprise product and there's
one or two excuse in between we actually
even have a free product that you can go
to our website and use which is a fully
functional it will convert your image
and then you can put it in a web page no
strings it's a very simple version of
what our product does how do you use it
that's also very easy you just take your
image you drop it on our encoder it'll
generate a QuickTime file for you you
take that file you embed it in your web
page like you would any other QuickTime
content and put it on your web server
there's nothing special needed on the
web server and the only thing that is
needed on the client side is quick time
we also have a flash version a Java
version and our own activex control and
plugin
okay switch the demo machine I'll do a
quick convert here so as I said it's a
very simple process to convert one of
these full images if i just take will
take this panorama right here and drop
it on to the converter so you're
presented with some options this is our
standard dialogue first thing you need
to do is say where do i want to output
these files the width and height that
it's going to be in the web page
copyright comment down here is what type
of output you want to have we'll just do
a straight quick time and this is a
panorama so for a panorama there are
some extra things that you have to
specify but we're just going to have it
auto calculate it so we just drop the
image on there and basically said here's
where to put it when I'm done and I want
it to be a QuickTime file when I say
okay if this was a cylindrical panorama
so it there's actually a two-stage
process involved the first step is
everything that we do is a cube so we
first we convert it to a cube and then
we save it out to our format this is our
format PFF for pyramidal file and this
is the panel and that that was the
extent of the authoring process right
there we switch back to the slide
in addition to being able to create
zoomable content we also have the
ability to add interactivity to it with
in the form of hot spots and the way we
do that is through we also have a
photoshop plugin so instead of doing the
drag-and-drop encoding to create the
image you could just take an image
that's in photoshop and we have an
exporter and you can export you'll get
that same dialogue it's exactly the same
experience for creating hot spots we use
image ready nope what's running the
image map tool inside of image ready we
leverage that functionality because we
figure why why reinvent the wheel
somebody already spent a lot of time
building a nice interface for dropping
down a hot spot so i have this file
right here that up we need to switch
yeah okay so this is the panorama that i
just created if i want to put a hot spot
into this file you see I have an image
map to find here and if I go down here
now I select that
select well I'll lay down the new one so
when I want to put in a hot spot in the
image ready basically in the name field
i'm going to say the hot spots in our
world are actually images so and we
support both JPEGs and gifts so I would
put something like Peter gift and the
URL is the URL that it'll jump to when
you click on it this URL field can also
be any of a number of different events
that we support and I'll show that a
little bit events can be go to this view
or change change the panorama that
you're looking at without going to a
whole new webpage there's there's a lot
of different events that we support so
go to my favorite URL the target just
put in a new window the all is a tool
tip that will show up when you mouse
over the hotspot and if I save this
right and I go to export so this is this
is would be the export to export the
image as a panorama and then there are
several different hotspot exporters that
you can see here this happens to be a
cylindrical panorama so I select that
and say we're going i'll put it I save
it to the desktop now here it is and
this is the file that it generated look
at that
I don't for time oh yeah so what was
this quick okay you can see there's two
hot spots in here one was the one that
was already in there and the other is
the new one and it's a fairly
straightforward text-based format the
polygon information is what you need
image ready to generate for you and then
there's different triggers and the URL
to be used to load in the hot spot the
tooltip it's a very straightforward
format it's all documented in our
product and then if we look at this
right here
this is the hot spot that I made and if
I click on get see where it goes so this
is an animated gif with transparency so
you can put you know it can be dropped
right into the environment fairly
seamlessly okay let's switch back to the
slides yep and so what we have coming
there's a couple different format
options that we have right now we have
our own proprietary format the pfff
format that you see here in order to
make that work in our flash viewer
actually required a small server side
component so we came up with another
format that all the tiles are just
separate and put into folders so that
format is also an option soon we'll
we'll have the ability to support via
that same servlet jpeg2000 so if you
prefer to work in a more standard format
than our proprietary format that won't
be a problem whiteboarding so and
synchronized browsing sort of go
together we have one application where
multiple users can be looking at the
same image at the same time and when
somebody zooms into an area everybody
sees the same thing you can add notes
right on top of the image it's being
received very well in the medical
community actually 4dr still be looking
at the same scan of patients examples of
tissue sample of some kind and I think
that's for me oh it recap so zoomify
enables high-resolution images in web
pages via quicktime it's perfect for non
Swift images with objects and panoramas
it's easy to author fast view and
totally expensable
now Vidya and next up we have Devon
Embleton from IE video it is now can we
see mum this machine here please that's
my dog Zoe dezilia we have one sort of
underlying model that drives all our
development and this is called vamped
already and it is why should it be so
difficult I shouldn't have to care about
what file format things are in I
shouldn't have to care about what tracks
are being created for this quicktime
movie well i should know is i want to
build something so what we did we spent
a lot of time and a lot of years
building pieces for other people through
your couple three years ago i fired all
the clients and because you realize hey
we actually have a product to today we
have 130,000 users they're all in
education that's growing by about ten to
twelve thousand a month at the moment
and we're really pleased so we're
investors especially after I find a
client so let's have a look what I what
I what I want to do is I want to build
something that's for the web and we
build something a little little web page
it shouldn't be a big deal so the first
thing I should be able to do is to take
a bunch of files pick them up and say
yeah and i'm going to use all these
things so what's happening here is that
the program is taking a look at the
format's of everything i just bought in
this is going to resize some of them
knowing time
okay so I got a bunch of stuff here
something I don't really need right now
so I'm going to get rid of this I want
to use as a background so I'll just tell
that to go in the background do you have
to sing while you do this otherwise
doesn't work properly yeah this I want
to be a button I think there's another
piece of that summer I got some text oh
we don't want that either and me playing
the guitar that's not a good thing to
this one time I made my living doing
that I never could understand why people
would pay me to do it um so I got some
texture one we've just changed the font
so it's a little more readable ignore
the fact that it then weird things with
the area and change the color i think
two ok and you know what i think i
should be transparent so here's a little
bit of text and maybe the test can go
here this is the VR i'll hit a little
bit of a button ok and this is a graphic
just a pin with you on that here's a
piece of video so what I want to happen
is in my web page I want it to come up
like this with the night with my text up
here if you read this text by the way
it's actually a book I'm writing with it
so the head tabs like non copyright
stuff if you really go see what kind of
a brain I have so this guy want to be a
roll over for this so if I double click
on the object I just say you're a roll
over and you roll over this guy and the
thing that I want you to control is this
movie here let's move that up a little
bit ok I'm done so what we need to be
able to do now is to output this so that
we can use it on the web and wants me to
save it so i'll say yeah let's leave it
called untitled and right now i'm
actually finished do you be you Linden
we should get music for that Dalek and
if I put that away what it did then it
created these three things and if I pick
this XML file up and chuck it on the
Safari will see that
here's IRA and this is a multi-node
gives I roll over i click on it so it
should be that easy you're not to
applaud man thank you very much man I
was in the entertainment business for a
number of years let's make another so we
want to have a second page for our
website so this one's gonna have
something more interesting on it what
did I just open okay open the wrong
thing yeah there we go so here is a big
movie this is done by by this is done by
a 18 year old who I took right out of
school he I was waiting for a mac side
the gate one day no I'm we do these
science fairs and and he came up to me
after and said I want to get into your
business I said are you crazy he said
you know I really do I said well what do
you do so well I'm a sculptor I said
okay so show me your stuff so he showed
me some sculpt the things he's done so I
gave him a machine and showed him how to
use some tools and this actually was the
first piece he did huh and we it was it
was done for a client I as I'm talking
to you about lunch of making things so
that I could navigate around I this is
this is a really ugly button here but
that's okay it's just going to be a
thing that goes to the next frame mm-hmm
so let's open them and see what we get
export you can actually get involved in
you know image compression by not going
on because the program actually has a
lot of intelligence built into it
because we did a lot of this works for a
number of years we know that you do
certain things all the time we know how
to compress video so it runs properly we
know how to compress images we know what
to do with sound there we go so it what
what happening really is the user is
benefiting from from all those years of
experience
there we go of course this will still
work go to the next time this is
hopefully the other begun so this will
this will start to play thing so you get
the idea that it shouldn't be as hard as
you know so far we haven't worried about
HTML when worried about quicktime we
haven't worried about wonder what track
this is on how do i get my sprite in
there we don't even have that word in
our vocabulary they're just stuff we
call them stop actually call of objects
blares okay I could use this is an
example the guy that Apple didn't really
pick up on this stuff for a little while
but when they did one of them some of
them said man I've got to send you
something instead I built this in 10
minutes it's nine hours of video in this
one interface is 800 k and it's the
streaming gods are with us it might play
if I click here and go play that one it
will start to play the video that is
part of a one of the Apple education
event
and if I click on the actual word at the
same time and left playing and also go
launch the browser so I've got one
everybody come to the front of Syria
shipwreck site so you can see North
Carolina which you might be able to see
in this he said I spent more time
figuring out what I was going to do than
actually doing it which is the way it
should be what happy no no please don't
actually don't clap throw money at is
either we do more than just this
particular tool with a whole range of
tools we have a series of adults to
iMovie that make it easy to do things
like blue screening that make it easy to
do things like picture-in-picture
matting an image over the top of that I
movie it's really simple doing animation
you know animating text graphics other
movies they in in ni movies the kind of
tools that we build their personal
creativity tools that's what they are
and if you just give me one second I can
find it what you've been looking at is
Java the whole front end was built in
Java you shouldn't even have to know
that the program runs on both on both
machines on both platforms windows and
macintosh the file format is totally
transparent to both platforms so you can
start working on on Windows switch it
over to a Macintosh continue working on
it put it back it doesn't care I was
going to show you where we're going in
the future but I can't find it oh here
it is my desktop to come before I came
up here I had to clean stuff up so my
desktop is a matter which is normally
quite a good mess it's bear with me a
second and I'll find something the other
one of them one of the things that we've
just finished fighting with it is the
problem of buttons these buttons that
you can see here things pretty cool this
is a button that actually has a movie
embedded inside it and with some
transparency I don't know why you'd want
to do that but you know I did the show
can be done and this is person that's
Matt great music you can buy this makeup
fe embleton com no that doesn't exist
and i'm still looking for something so
i'm talking while I'm looking for I
should have brought it out we have a
complete new version coming out very
shortly which is there it is as you can
see from the name of the the folder is
Coco this is this morning build so you
know less like if you're if you're a
programmer you never know what you're
going again this is we out with the Java
for a number of reasons one of them
being the speed of the thing i just want
to show you what you can do it button I
got it these are not predefined types
these are ones that I decided I wanted
to use I went into Photoshop and made
pictures and then you drop them into a
special folder and you can say yeah this
is kind of button I wanted I'm going to
make it this size and here's the color
it's going to be and when I go over the
bottom I wanted to change possess that
did that wrong when I wanted to change
to that color it's already done it and
when the mouse goes down I want it to
change to that God so the export
on the desktop ya could do to do there
goes Thank You chef I so we actually
have to slow the exporter down in this
version because by putting in the fake
thing going along so here's our here's
our button that we just made I just I
roll over it goes the color i press the
mouse down it goes a different color and
of course you can link it out to all
those those things that i was showing we
support hot spots and vrs we probably
support axel i haven't actually tried it
but it'd be interesting to do you
shouldn't have to get involved in
scripting there is none and we will not
be putting any in the application you
just be looking at however the cocoa app
is fully active Apple scriptable so it
is a scriptable app so you can automate
things we get it running in the
background we're going to be releasing
that I don't know Chris is over there
our director of engineering he'll have a
similar we're going to be recent at
tsunami Chris no he says no chance oh
well we will also have passing we also
have there's going to be a public beta
release on our website version next week
of not of that but it's vida 3.1 which
which has a version of animation that
allows you to do flash like things with
the same ease of use the timeline is
dead when when people are going to
realize that I don't know you should not
have to get involved in it I'm done
thank you very much for your time
[Applause]
next up is Curtis garden from khodaro ok
where's my little mic here we go ok I'm
Curtis garden with kadar and i'll be
talking about the FBX file format from
khodaro essentially what we found is
that artists are creating more and more
content from a lot of different
applications or finding is a lot of
these different 3d applications don't
like to talk to each other very well so
what we're looking for is a 3d
interchange file format so artists are
creating all this media from all these
different applications what we're
looking at is some way to bring all the
3d content together so that we can start
exchanging this distributing it and
sharing the content in between artists
so essentially what that comes down to
is some type of universal file format
which is going to allow us to store in
3d models 2d textures video characters
skeletons animation that type of stuff
all inside of one kind of universal
vanilla wrapper so we developed with a
file format called FBX and essentially
what it is is a 3d interchange file
format currently we write plugins for
the following 3d packages including
motionbuilder for OS 10 and PC as well
as 3d studio max alias wavefront live on
OS 10 and PC softimage xsi as well as
light wave on TC and Macintosh as well
after that we realized that we needed a
way for artists to start viewing the 3d
content so let's say you were 3d artists
creating 3d content and we wanted to
distribute this to other artists that
were using 3d applications of any sort
so we really look for a I guess a way to
start distributing this to essentially
anyone who wanted to be able to view 3d
content
typically what you find is that most
professional 3d applications you're
going to have to actually render out
your content to a rasterized version a
very linear version which really
restricts what users and your audience
can see so we started working with apple
and the QuickTime team to essentially
take our 3d technology and the FBX
format and integrate that into a plug-in
which would work inside of the QuickTime
Player so this is a rendering example of
what you can get in real time using our
3d plugin you can see we have dynamic
lighting character animation textures
all being played back in real time what
this allows you to do now is to start
taking your content and allows you to
essentially visualize and distribute
this to pretty much anyone who has the
quicktime player which is in the
millions and millions nowadays so you're
not restricted to users of just 3d
applications or to sending out rendered
out raster versions of your content it
also allows you a level of interaction
with your content inside of FBX files
you can have user interactions through
such thing as a keyboard joystick the
mouse which really allows you to take
your 3d content to the next level of
interaction it's also available free
which is one of the key things that we
made sure to work with Apple was that we
were going to be giving a plug-in back
to the community that was essentially
without a price tag on it so anyone can
go and download this plug-in for free
allowing you to view FBX content I had
it's available off our website as well
as the Apple download site for quicktime
so one of the news i'm going to show you
guys a couple of quick examples of FBX
for quicktime so i'm just going to
switch to demo machine to here so we'll
just open up a couple sample scenes we
have to show everyone the 3d in real
time so what I've got here the sample 3d
model
of an imac you can see we've got audio
and video playing in this as well as I
go through and actually just switch
cameras I can actually start through
interacting with this scene just like I
was in a 3d application open up another
sample scene here for you this one here
demonstrates character animation being
played back in real time as well as some
of our particle shaders which you've
integrated into the plug-in as well play
this back like so things you had
particle shaders happening there we've
got some character animation this
character walking around you'll see we
have real-time shadows as well as
real-time reflections and we also have
the ability to do interactions so we
have here is a simple tic-tac-toe game
which allows me to interact with this
content using keyboard so for example I
can just go and have a virtual 3d game
of tic-tac-toe like so the beauty of
these FBX files is that now that they're
available through the QuickTime viewers
that you can embed them in web pages you
can distribute them to essentially
anyone with a quicktime player and it
will automatically download the plugin
to allow them to view the content for
free show one more example here my
favorite the ever famous t-rex running
around
a couple seconds here to decompress the
textures
so here we have our t-rex just going to
loop this movie you can see with
playback we've got a nice little run
cycle on them I can change the
visibility modes as well so we can
actually see the underlying skeletal
system of this character we've got a
little run loop on there and what we
have here is little legend of actual
keyboard shortcuts that we have created
for the scene so you can see if I hold
down one we got our t-rex running around
maybe he's in a schoolyard he's going to
grab some kids when he gets mad he blows
smoke out of us know so this is simple
interaction that you can create inside
of the Deaf the x-files to really make
your 3d content that more interactive
and that's it that is FBX for QuickTime
[Applause]
and last step I'd like to welcome Mark
Cohen from video clicks over here just
going to switch laptops so video clicks
is a quick time based application for
you to easily add quicktime
interactivity into your existing
quicktime content it's pure quicktime
doesn't require any additional plugins
you can add quicktime chapter tracks
time-based actions events and the
coolest of all what we like to refer to
as video hot spots so i'm going to show
you the video clips application and
you'll see exactly how it works it's a
carbonized application so it runs in Mac
OS 9 or Mac OS 10 we're currently at
version 2 51 and I think you'll think
it's pretty cool
she might want to turn off the mirroring
right said the resolution and turn it
back on
yes sometimes it works by turning a
bearing off first and setting an
illusion
can we see this screen the powerbook
screen temporarily
because you wanna make sure we're 1024
768 that low refresh rate 70 Hertz
we'll try this out if I've hurt at all
it's making available tools you can have
two you're gonna have to go off screen
you're gonna have to go off screen just
spring the mouse over yeah
[Music]
ouch
so those are some pretty cool tools we
saw earlier I mean cook time is great
because you've got this huge wealth of
tools that are also easy to use so
affordable that's great thank you and
tons of fun okay well let's just see
what's going on here okay first I am
hoping to show you our showcase on our
website
make sure we're connected
okay this is our website I'm just going
to take you to our showcase area so you
an idea of what you can do with video
clicks this is our showcase we've got a
variety of different examples here what
people are doing with video clicks
entertainment education product
placement I'll show you this this is our
James Bond demo just you've got some
long-ago happening here so we've got a
QuickTime movie playing here it appears
just to be a standard QuickTime movie
just playing a web page however
everything in this movie is totally
clickable I can click on her I can click
on him I can click on his glasses his
shirt her dress the environment anything
at all within this movie is clickable
thanks to video clicks his ability to
create video hot spots the GPS system
etc so you can see that whenever I click
on something I'm able to bring up more
information about that product in a
neighboring frame sure I'll give you
another example of that here's a trailer
from our favorite movie company I'll
just drag farther ahead in the movie
here so the movies playing once again
using video clicks I can add all brought
all types of QuickTime interactivity
here we see text tracks playing there we
also feet chapter tracks here where I
can easily navigate to different parts
of the of the movie and anything and
everything can be clickable inside this
movie i click on my key I can click on
Sully and we see on targeting
information in a neighboring HTML frame
here so that's what video clicks does
and let me show you the application and
you can see how we do it this is the
video clicks application you simply
import your quicktime content into video
clicks it's a fairly familiar looking
interface you've got your toolbar you've
got your monitor window an inspector
window where details on the interactive
objects can be determined and then
you've got a timeline unfortunately the
timeline is not yet dead for us but so
let me just walk you through the
application and how it works this is our
toolbar where we can easily create and
manipulate the interactive objects
inside of video clicks if I just move
ahead here I've got that same monsters
inc movie right here we can see here's
some subject matter that we want to add
some interactivity to so I can grab the
Oval hotspot tool simply drag it over my
key it says what you want to call this
I'm going to call it Mikey because mikey
i can read
sighs then reshape them whatever to
whatever is appropriate click on the
color my keys green so let's make our
hotspot green and we seated here in the
inspector window we've actually got
considerable amount of details as to
what that hotspot does when it starts
when it ends how many of them there are
what if any actions are attached to it
the color of it etc so the cool thing
about video clicks is I can easily
follow my subject matter around the
video at using this video hotspot and
attach an action to that hot spots I'll
give an example of this so let me just
take myself back a little bit here and
I'm just going to shift forward to where
my hotspot occurs we can also see that
once I place that hot spot on the screen
we can see in the timeline below here
that right here is where that hot spot
begins I can also zoom in or zoom out of
the timeline in this case I'm just going
to scroll down so we can see exactly
what's happening and at this point I'm
going to use our real-time tracking tool
one of the tools in the tool bar to lock
the hotspot to the cursor so essentially
i'm not holding the mouse down I've just
clicked once and that hotspot is locked
to my cursor so I can now track the
motion of that object or my subject
matter in the video in either real-time
or slow down which I'll make things
considerably easier and here's my speed
settings one to one is obviously real
time and go down to 8 21 make it really
easy it's going to slow things down if
there's complex motion I can easily
follow it by locking that hotspot to my
cursor and moving at a slower speed so
here we go i'm just going to play the
movie then we can see things are moving
very slowly eight to one and all i have
to do is simply follow my key about with
my mouse this is the real time tracking
option where wherever he goes I go and
that's that you can see I can now unlock
my cursor Department go back to the to
the timeline here and if i zoom in
you'll see exactly what happened I
basically created a number of instances
here so you can see each one of these
are separate interactive objects and
they're all listed here in the inspector
window I can change the parameters of
any one of these objects and if I play
this back you'll see how that hotspot is
following likee about the stage actually
I'm just going to play it back in full
speed here
nobody here there's no kids this one so
you can see how that's falling Mikey now
there's another that's real time
tracking but there's much easier ways to
track objects with video clicks you can
see he is over here at one point I
stopped my tracking right when he gets
just stands up right here and now let's
say that you have objects moving from
this point on the screen to another
point on the screen and you don't want
to track it in real time well you can
use the tweening feature which is very
cool so he here at this point he moves
over to this point on the screen I can
simply reposition my hot spot at this
point and then use the twinning tool and
then you'll see that from this hotspot
which is at this point to this hotspot I
can just turn the tween on and now you
can see here in the timeline we actually
see this dash line which represents the
twinning and if I play it you'll see how
it now follows him I'm just going to
back up a bit here nobody so there's my
real time tracking and there's at
weaning right there as a tween from this
position to the next the other cool
thing about weaning is it doesn't just
between motion if you can't we nape size
color URL etc so you can easily have a
complex object like the plane that I
showed you here in the James Bond demo
made up of simple primitives that are
all grouped together so I'm just going
to jump to the end of this movie and
you'll see that there's a plane here and
that flame consists of a number of
simple simple primitives all grouped
together with the same attributes and
you can create complex hotspot groupings
in the timeline here simply by dragging
one hot spot on to another I'll just
simply create another hot spot here i'll
call it Sully and we see that it's it's
own track here in the timeline I can
grab Sully at any point and just drag
them on top of my key and it warns me
you're about to take this hot spot and
give it the attributes of the parent no
problem and now it's part of the parents
and if I move one they both move
together so that's how you can map
complex objects you can also do some
other really cool things with video
clicks like chapter markers let's give a
particular place the movie you want to
drop a chapter that allows people to
easily navigate to that point you can
simply choose the chapter marker here
click anywhere in the
under window call it what you want and
here in the inspector window under the
chapter tab you can see here's the name
of it and here's the time that that
occurs you can also utilize what we call
time-based actions using the action
button in the toolbar so let's say at
the end of the movie you wanted it to go
to your web page I can just grab the
action marker click here go to web page
etc and now this is an action that I can
customize with a variety of behaviors I
can launch a URL I can go to a
particular time in the movie i can jump
to a predefined chapter that I defined
earlier I can even go to a flash frame
if you're embedding your quick time
inside of flash I can go to a flash
label I can send a debug debug string
excuse me to communicate with a database
back-end or I can just simply display
text and there's some very simple text
creation tools here that you see in the
inspector window so the primary
interactive types that video quotes can
give you our text chapter tracks
time-based actions and coolest of all
those video hot spots you can also
control your workspace using the tools
here whether you're movable workspace
about zooming in and zooming out or you
need to let's say you have a cluttered
workspace for example I've got a number
of hot spots on the screen here and I
want to hide those down here in the
timeline i can say oh hide these objects
hide my text tracks hide my chapter
tracks or my actions so you can very
easily clean up your workspace and make
it quite simple and straightforward to
add your interactivity when you export
this it's simply a QuickTime movie
doesn't require any additional plugins
and there's a cool feature in here where
you can actually export it as a debug
movie and then what that'll do is just
exploit this on the desktop what that'll
do is it'll actually export the movie
and it will show you the vectors that
will show you the hot spot so you can
just be sure that they're there and thus
to be active as hot spots as well when I
just go to the desktop here here's my
exported moving you'll see what I mean
if I jump so there you go you can see
those hot spots there and they're still
active I've given them actions so in the
standard exported movie of course those
are invisible as we're showing a demo
here I just want to show you one more
example here
this is really cool because and it's
more of the Rings trailer which is very
cool we've got a number of characters
coming across here here's Gandalf I can
click on him I'm targeting the lower
frame Legolas etc but even if the movie
has stopped these are still active these
hot spot areas so I can call it serious
character information what the movies
playing or not and that's really that's
video course
[Applause]